oh yeah ladies and gentlemen Harmontown is now in session please put it
together for the mayor of Harmontown the smooth style of Jen Harmon I thought
they were gonna keep it going wait that was it oh no not you guys sorry
the beat you know I picked a beat that was only about 40 seconds long I thought
we decided last right what do we got let's see what this is we decided last
week and it's always good yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah smooth
wait for it yo yes the anticipation makes it better I am I represent the
motherfuckers and fuck your mama's titty I do it in every nation every state in
every city a liquor pussy put her head in the ground I fucked your mama cuz her
ass is lost and found got my nuts in a barrel got my dick in this shoe wait I
can't I can't hear the beat what am I gonna do start over yo yo yo yo let me
let me reset yo yo I fucked your mama on the North Pole and the South I fuck
your mama on a titty nipples in her mouth I fucked your mama and her thighs
so hard she cried I fucked your mama and told her that I didn't try I fucked
your mama on the foot and her hat I fucked your mama while I read cat in
the hat dr. Seuss traumatized a childhood I'll try to fuck your mama in
the aisle the idol would fuck your mama yeah I fucked your mama she gave birth to you and now I fucked her so that means that you are
subservient to me the progenitor of your life got fucked with my flesh knife
sorry sorry no sorry I'm so sorry about those that imagery don't want to be like
a Kevin Spacery that's that's seven shit don't play all right that's some
sloppy shit yo it's it's it's it's everyone's fault but mine also I'm a
little congested and I can't hear I look I picked a shitty beat too I that's
on that's on my bad com trolling over maybe we'll find we'll find some other
beats we don't you know last week it hasn't aired yet but we we fucking we
dropped some mad science it was 90 straight minutes of just rapping a lot
of mama's got fucked a lot of mama's got fucked and some daddy's got a couple
daddies in there too trash time got traveled in yeah and thankfully there
was no mention of your flesh knife that was the worst that was the worst
knife that that that put me off of myself I was the first among you to
assume that the the threat crossing the threshold be the n-word like that that I
would eventually just go East Coast niggas oh shit sorry no flesh knife is
where I went too far East Coast niggas is forgivable it's part of the style
that's like you know Shakespeare made up a lot of words too obviously there's no
black people in the audience that are gonna go like oh he's talking about me
I'm you know I you can do this a little bit of wiggle room there but flesh
knife no all races all genders Martians are going gross rowdy the bad person
flesh knife flesh knife I'm right well give you the full report whatever you
want in no necessary order the people say in conversation how are you doing you
don't want an honest answer it's very confusing my my head is incredibly
congested so if I'm speaking too loudly I it's I can't that's what's
happening is like like I everyone got the cold over Thanksgiving right did
everyone get it did anyone not get it is there anyone in the room that didn't get
a cold all right all right these happen the moon raker species will will will
take them up into space and inject the colds into them the congratulations
assholes but the rest of us had a horrible cold just an irritating one
not horrible my head is I'm over the cold I'm not contagious I'm not sneezing
I'm not coughing I'm not doing anything but I can't I my head is filled with
snot it's just like like this is filled it's almost comforting if I didn't have
to do a show but enough to communicate with anyone I would be kind of you know
it's a cocoon would you say it's kind of an impenetrable like layer of snot up
there yeah yeah I wonder if we could find some sort of tool to penetrate that
that's not maybe a flesh knife damn fuck your nose
start fucking your nose with that sweet flesh knife let's have a hand for my
comptroller long walk short Pearson he was chained to the Academy of I'm
Scottish anti-payoff I'm not letting you off I can't I feel I I feel you know
when you when you get on a plane and your ears don't pop like it or when you
go under water and there's water in your ears like I'm so I'm dealing with that
but so if you think at any point tonight that I'm doing a bad job take a step
back and actually just admire me you know Dan I deserve it Dan and this is
not me trying to throw a curve ball at you this is me trying to throw like a
lob just just to test where you're at mentally vocally you're hearing right
now those beats I gave you to start off for a little not really in the wheel
house let's just let's just put some of that let's put the let's tee the golf
ball up pretty high just to test where you're at right now just to kind of get
get an idea you mean even my beats are my head is filled with snot I don't know
what I'm doing and I don't know what I got I got a head full of mucus because I
have a cold it was already hard to hear people I'm 39 years old yeah you're there
you're there yeah alright that was less impressive than it should have been I've
just been handed a beat you want to try that out should we save it up all right
come on all right let's see what we got here this is handed to me by Kyle right
yeah thank you Kyle Kyle brings us this
yo yo yo yo yo apparently yo I hear them saints come marching in I hear them
saints come my chance in yo yo yo I want I want to be in the motherfucking number
nigga yeah the saints come my champ that's that's ridiculous that's a sound
effects album oh is the track three marching band this is a real grab bag
right now we don't know what we're gonna get all right let's not so those you
know God God works in wonderful mysterious ways he didn't want last
week I came up started freestyling 90 minutes of fucking just mad fire I was
just spitting everywhere comedy gold just not giving comedy cultural gold as
fucking like you wouldn't believe it when you hear it if if you disagree then
I won't be around and but and so of course you think we'll do it again now
God God says like like stay on target man just like every every episode should
be different and on that note we have been trying for a I think a period of
four weeks now because I I I tried to it was like oh in the Dungeons and Dragons
game we're gonna have we're gonna meet my dad so we tried to get Eric idle and
then we tried to get our friend from the drawing room and then we and then we
were called everybody and then we got down to just like okay no no more old
people like to who do we know that just performs things and in the green room
tonight just now left moments ago we had Elijah from vampire diaries Daniel
Gillies ladies come on ladies one one one vampire clapping might have been a
dude he's my age and shorter than me but he was gonna play my dad the horrible
food poisoning ran out of the comic book star spraying shit out of his ass
least sexy thing you've ever seen in your life whatever network vampire diaries
is on you should fire him he's didn't look like a vampire to me look like a
look like a hovercraft but put him on a network that this into that shit he's
also an NBC saving hope saving hope which is the prequel to raising hope when
yeah when when baby books made it possible to name your daughter hope they
didn't know the indirect result would be a bunch of shows and movies with hope as
a word with an ing before it pretty clever I get it her name's hope go fuck
yourself if your show is named anything hope go fuck yourself further mark go
fuck yourself if you the title of your anything begins with a gerund raising
cooking and kidnapping and cookie boxing yeah I died enough enough sorry dumb
like like don't reject it if you're if you're involved in the entertainment
industry and someone proposes it go stop it it's your responsibility and I
started off tonight on a bitter note and I got a telling you about my mucus in
my head and I'm now I'm angry and I'm yelling at people I'm talking about
New Zealand actors with shit coming out of their ass New Zealand actors that we
promised we wouldn't talk about the shit coming out of his eye problem that's
that was the jokes that I promised I was like no I'll be very delicate about why
you left scary ghosts you got vampire diary on that one man I had the poster on
the back wall just fell down as he as he oh it's it the same vampires are
friends with ghosts we learned that from cereal boxes I don't know you're just
asking for it now yeah by doing that I'm staying up there oh he said I got
another beat it's real weird let's give it one more try what could go wrong let's
do a little wrap do you guys hear chevy chase get fired from I don't know how
to do you do you look at that and go how am I supposed to feel I don't I feel the
exact same way I'm like what I do we should get a new word like fine fuck
you what the fire Lee who's side am I on yeah we should get him on the show I
almost call I almost call he should play your father I was called him sweet because
right now I'm right now he won't answer he won't answer because he's taking out
his phone and had 10 bottles of wine so he's probably home alone
I'm waiting for Dan Harmon to play some D and D all right well what what's the
focus he asked him if he'll come on the show yeah Dungeons and Dragons if he
will then do we skip tonight Dungeons and Dragons because then he's gonna play my
dad this guy I'm telling you he's a psychopath let's let's let's let's cross
that bridge after the phone okay all right fine all right well turn everybody
be cool my parents are coming home just don't fucking laugh no laughter that
guy this is until and unless I tell him that I am graveyard 80 people here
let's see how do you I got a new phone and I it's pretty big know how to work
it I bet he has the same phone I don't okay I'm okay there we go you guys are
the best friends aren't you well we already were we're the same person all
right both got fired by NBC yeah we have more in common now than ever
I don't know where the speaker is on it's 827 I mean if this be this is rape
time for him he's raping raping people
there you go hi this is Chevy I'm not near the phone right now please leave a
message I'll get right back to you at the tone please record your message when
you finished recording you may hang up or press one for more options
hello this is mr. Henderson oh shit you have caller ID it's this is Dan
Harmon I wanted to know if you wanted to come play Dungeons & Dragons at my
Harmontown podcast now that we're both looking for work come come come come
down I'm on stage right now and there's 80 people listening but you're used to
that I wanted to call you and reach out to you I'm sorry I'm sorry it happened
to you too and I and I love you and I I I love your vagina that's his
comedy call me back 323 wait no it's 323 555 I love you I'm sorry I'm sorry for
everything call me back right that's an appropriate response let's call let's
call Barack Obama yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo one two three a
tricky bottoms got a figgy pudding cat I put your mama in a dog a fuck your cat
I fucked your daddy in the front lawn too I fucked your mama tells you turned
into glue fuck your mama went down her house fuck your pussy till it turned into
a mouse took the mouse and put it in my shoe took my shoe off threw it into the
blue blue sky that is her eye your mama's the sky she's Lady Gaia
yeah fuck your mama in the nose and her tooth I fucked your mama cuz that's
the truth I fucked your mama oh there are 700 kinds of mommos science calls
them maternus delectus no no no no no no no no no new taxes
yeah go now I did not have relations with I did not have I did not have
relations with that woman the only thing you have to fear is fear itself if I
get my own a pulpit in the church I fucked your mama and I had to make a
search I went to Google and I searched for a titty I look for your mama's
chest in the city I turn it across I got a little flustered but but I but I
swear to God I fucked your mama I fucked your hide fucked her in the prison
yard walking dead season three fucked her everywhere
walking dead season three water everywhere a walking dead season three
fucked her everywhere yeah well that was that was alright that's pretty good
it's new I that was an accurate description that Kyle you said when I
got a new beat it's it's pretty weird yeah
yeah keep your phone handy have it on ring because Chevy calls back we want
this we want this ready to go right I mean honestly I never you know people
don't understand that we never really he did that thing and I hated him for it
and it was very difficult to work with but I was that wasn't that wasn't why I
got fired and I didn't I mean he and I were he's in a pod he's in a psychotic
pod it wasn't the under the entire time all of that like hullabaloo was
happening he and I were texting each other stupid like vagina jokes and stuff
he's he's a he's a child like me is fine is whatever I wouldn't you trust him
with my children or a sandwich leave all alone with a wine cork but but but I
have no I mean it's like do you think he would settle in and like embrace what it
is to play Dungeons and Dragons like you think he would get that no he can't
embrace his own shoe it's just the one that you threw into the blue it's then
then there were all headed he's yeah he's very confused by everything that's
what it's going to happen to all of us I'm getting increasingly confused by
it by it by everything I still don't know how to use Reddit I've been I've
been lurking for six months like trying I finally worked up the nerve to make
like a little post and like a community thing I thought you gender before I thought
you do you know why do I do those excuse me that's gross I burped I've done
two of the AMAs they ask me any things but that's like a formal those are
even hard to navigate but I'm saying like that community like you know you you
know the idea of you leaving a comment I don't know you know it's a it's a new
environment for an old man so I replied to somebody saying something about
community last night while I was procrastinating writing and and you
could just sense I in my mind it was like oh it's Dan Harmon it's Dan Harmon
like like like how sad like this is where we gather to talk about a show
that's like like and now he that's kind of sad it's like Mr. Hooper's ghost
showing up for this is kind of like simultaneous like oh cool and then time
time to go like he's hanging out like if you went to a Ghostbusters party and
like Ray Parker Jr. was there it's just like oh who you gonna call and you're
like ghostbusters holy shit get the car what the fuck I pictured this guy having
a wife and children at this point he ain't afraid of no ghost why is he
afraid of of creating a life for himself oh that's a new thing happening it's a
very delightful last happening stage left is this your first time here all
right what's your name big I love your I love your beverage that's the only
thing you didn't have to say if you had been Marcus over there well big red's
name is Marcus he's a he's a he's a he's a giant redhead anything my name is big
red it's it's it's exhilarating when someone does that when they affirm your
perception big red dude we do you want to come up and talk into the microphone
or is that does that terrify you we don't we don't bully people here yeah
let's meet grab I want to look at the great of the day I'm I'm I've been
sucking off your energy for the first 10 minutes of the show like you're you're a
great laugher like it's very happy to be here thank you I'm really excited and
it's it's it's hard to fake sincerity I mean this guy's happy to be here and
it's been filling me up you guys are a bunch of assholes you don't know you
don't know a decent rap from a hole in the ground I'm kidding big red what's
your what it's big is can we ask your real name or yeah my real name is Adam
all right where are you are you from LA I'm originally from San Jose but I'm
going to school at Azusa so Azusa Azusa Pacific University I don't know where
that is it's around here somewhere so so so you wait I'm such a bad interviewer
you have to please forgive me because now you said three things that I have to
keep track of so you that's better thanks you grew up where San Jose
California all right where's that it's up north okay it's by San Francisco and
so you came here to this area because this Azusa place is near where we are
somewhere no I was in West Virginia but I got drunk all the time and had to come
here all right we drink at moonshine up in the hills oh all the time for real
yeah I was just in Morgantown I love that they're the people you know what
he's talking about yeah oh Morgantown's great are you from there or were you
from well I'm originally from San Jose but I lived in a I mean I got that part
yeah I went to a po-dank I wasn't listening I was fixing your mic it was
a it was a po-dank town in the eastern Panhandle po-dank yeah that's one step
below po-dunk yeah it's it's it's one step below this yeah it smells worse yeah
yeah you know I wasn't I wasn't outside of Morgantown and I was hungover we're
getting on the tour bus leaving leaving town and my favorite thing when I'm on
the road for a hangover is a strawberry shake and there was a we're at a gas
station and there was a Shoneys you familiar with Shoneys yeah Shoneys yeah
we're just kind of like what Denny's is here maybe or yeah it's like Denny's
but old people and drunks are there all the time yes precisely yeah yeah Denny's
and I walked in there and it was like a game day for the what are they the
Mountaineers yeah Mountaineers WVU I walked in there's a bunch of old old
ladies I fucking like Big Red a lot by the way this is it I like you too I like
you too I want the podcasting public to know the visual too it's like like every
every time he speaks into the microphone he he kind of he kind of leans and
twists into it with a big smile on his face like the most enthusiastic
grocery store manager in the world like I worked in a grocery store
requesting whatever the opposite of a cleanup is and I like you just got yes
that's correct my name is very like I don't know how to present it or orally
for the people that are at the grocery store I bagged groceries and cleaned up crap yeah
I work in a Trader Joe's one time that's what they make you do yeah I had to wash
the bloody toilets at the fucking Trader Joe's oh and one time I walked in and
there was shit everywhere yeah yeah like he was on the walls on the ceiling yes
I just I went to an Albertsons recently I had to take up a monster pee anybody
I also had to Daniel Gillies from Vampire Diaries there I don't know
that guy shits everywhere I didn't even know you were allowed to to pee in an
Albertsons or a grocery store you got to walk back to the plastic flaps and
there's a place as I like like when you have to pee that bad you suddenly find
out that there's there's pee places and places that you don't associate it looks
like you're in prison almost it's by the eggs you know yeah it's back there like
like and and and but you know how to find it when your bladder is guiding you
but there was a sign on the on the men's room door and it was written in like
half pen but then the pen ran out they finished it with yellow highlighter and
it just kind of it's just barely said out of order and I was like fuck you out
of order and I open the door that shit was by Albertsons standards that means
something if they say great a eggs you don't know if you're getting a decent
egg but if their bathrooms out of order you are walking in human fecal matter
I mean the pen was out of order first up the yeah they didn't even play they
didn't even say fuck the pens out of order they considered that a working
pen writing don't go in the bathroom if you know what's good for you and I why
I went in I took a picture of it it's insane it's gross like it would make you
wretch looking at it that's why I took a picture of it I've been shown it shown
it to anybody just had to take a picture sorry big red I I interrupt it I have
information about everything we're talking about I'm in the story is
boring I just had the best strawberry shake of my life because they actually
it was the woman went back there as a connected strawberry shake and I looked
like a vampire you know like I'm all in black and it's 9 30 a.m. and you don't
look like a hick either so I look like I'm from the moon I walked in there and
everybody's in the yellow whatever they whatever the colors are for the blue
blue and yellow blue and yellow and and there's all these nice old ladies working
behind the counter I said can I have a strong strawberry shake to go please and
I just like sure thing honey when you want to go yeah she goes back and she I
see her in the back ice cream fresh strawberries and milk and she mixed it
up herself and she brought it to me I said with those fresh strawberries you
put in there she goes it's a strawberry shake ain't it and it's like I don't
ever want to leave here I want to stay here forever I like all the women that
worked there they're a grandson in the game it was really cool and the first
place I went to in West Virginia we stopped at a gas station that was also
one of those sheets okay there's a KFC Taco Bell subway mashup like which
words it's all things Mike like we're all bad fast food in one shitty come
combination those bump those those those get to be a bummer where it's like the
Exxon mobile but it's like a yeah it says it's literally like a KFC sign
split in half like a like a sliders episode like it's like a bottom half of
golden arches it's like Kentucky Frick Donald's like you're just like oh you
guys know too like that there's no difference and that's all I popped in
there's I needed to use the restroom and I go in there there's a woman behind the
counter at the subway little tiny fake half of a subways counter at the gas
station and she smiled and I'm saying this woman had a couple teeth she was
the lady that worked behind the counter and she smiled her teeth are
intermittent if they have three if they have three you're lucky most of them love
like one or two and she smiled I'm like whoa and she goes welcome to West
Virginia I'm like Jesus Christ
this is no joke she was excited no fucking joke but I met some some fuckers
that drink moonshine up on the hills like I wanted to stay there oh my 21st
birthday my dad my friend took me to his dad's place and he was like oh you're
21 here and he just gave me moonshine all night so good just one after another
I don't remember anything moonshine means what it means they make it in their
backyard what are they make it they make it by moonlight because it was
illegal so they make it out they don't make it out of moonlight they're not
they're not they're not killer it's 40% white lightning what are they making it
out of what alcohol and squeezes corn squeezes corn alcohol you should basically
use sugar sugar corn and they use some guys use wood alcohol and that makes you
go blind wood alcohol yeah you drink too much moonshine you go behind alcohol out
of wood and you smoke it like a cow you get the udders and you just squeeze
there's no udders on wood big red they're called branches all right so let's
look at it we're gonna I want to coax big red back into that laugh that brought
him up on stage because that was a very mirthful I know it's like peeing in a
snowbank yes big red that was a dolphin well that's what it was it's beautiful
I love it well big red what are your okay I still don't understand are you
visiting this area or are you I'm moved here I moved here so you're a new
character yes in our universe brand new in every way so so and yeah and it's
because you're going to school yeah place called aha mama Azusa Pacific Azusa
Pacific yeah I heard of it all right never will I don't know what do they do
there what it's your what's your ambition I want to be I want to do history I
want to write history books really yeah that's refreshing what what period 19th
century US military what have you said third yeah cuz then you can sleep late
but it's a third period history yeah so you are you like a civil war reenactor
do you do that yeah I'm a civil war reenactor I had a feeling yeah really
I'm not joking I really want to go do that because like I used to think that I
used to hate the idea of ren fairs and things like that because I thought they
were so stupid and I went to one is like I'm dressing up next time like this is
good and I really want to go out and do a civil war reenactment you should they
do some around here I know there's not very far are they are they are they sticklers
bullies about inaccuracy though not really not the ones in California because
the rent there yeah West Virginia that's just for real West Virginia the
Obama's America no one no one's gonna get you'd be fine if you showed up right
like this what what do you what I thought you're saying you were fat I thought
you were saying you were fat no no I'm saying if I show up fat are they gonna
let me read that we went to the Renaissance fair
there were there were fat people in the civil war I'm sure well I don't know
how you'd stay fat they ate like one piece of corn every day maybe not in the
actual war there are fat people watching the civil war going like tea cake
going like this war is so civil that I have time to eat you know one side
wins a slave will bring me more sandwiches another side wins there'll
be more sandwiches not now big red are you a blue or a gray I'm gray you're
gray what what's your rank what do you do I'm just a shitty private really you
choose a grunt out there yeah they don't want me commanding anybody why not
because of his giggle what's your what's your what's the uh do you act you do
like okay I want to know how this works so like what do you guys do like pick
it's charge or bull run or do you do like actual battles or no we just
reenact what a battle would look like we don't have enough people to do a real
battle yeah I guess but there's people that do it like they go out there we're
gonna do we're gonna do oh it Gettysburg next year is the 150th and
they're gonna have 30,000 reenactors at Gettysburg yeah and how is that how
close is that to the number that's kind of it's way off but it's the most they're
ever gonna get way off below so they were way below Gettysburg yeah so I
don't know so the civil war is like that that was the we think of World War
2 is like oh we lost so many people no there were 600,000 people killed in the
Civil War yeah that's more than all other American conflicts you can combine
revolutionary to Vietnam and it doesn't equal civil war although they did cheat
as a war by having Americans on both sides that's true yeah asterisk a lot of
people don't don't think about that it's the very bonds of wars yeah yeah
history is gonna teach history he's going to Asahama just came out here is it
just of a word you like are you like a 1812 guy as well everybody that war
sucks don't tell Andrew Jackson that yeah I probably beat the shit wait was he
in that war yeah okay good I was just testing you you seem pretty good no
about anything we throw at you big red is there any possibility that we could
coax you into a little freestyle rap action yeah I can try I mean it's okay
to do it badly like here we go yeah drop a beat oh I'm gonna fuck your mom
take her downtown put her in my pants and rubber all around get better look
out I'm gonna make babies you better duck underneath the table it's gonna go
everywhere you better watch out I'm coming to town hide your women hide your
wife hide your husband's glad rate everybody up in this house tonight thank
you thank you thank you thank you big red all right you know what harm in
town just gets cooler and cooler yeah I do were you thinking what I'm thinking
here's why Adam Goldberg should be nervous because of the new sheriff in
town well because fucking big red tore it up freestyle and then fucking well
did not only did we not have to say Adam Goldberg ladies and gentlemen three
times he said thank you I'm big red and fucked off amazing like a like a show
business professional like a self-eating sandwich like I don't there's no
technology to describe there's no I'm not like a saw a self coming yeah penis
yeah he had his own edit point yeah a man I don't know why am I here I don't
know if Adam Goldberg's here tonight but I picture him like crushing a beer
bottle oh shit I waited till you said it three times
you beatle juice me Dan this this love gentlemen Adam Goldberg what do you
think Adam Goldberg what do you think a big red has gold fallen to green so
quickly Dan no it's gone to red yes thank you like that the first time I was
up here I read your brother's emails three times we had some fun with it I
said a funny quip and we ended the show that was amazing and you won't have me
turn on other audience members I know that that might have been not what you
intended but it certainly was crushing a beer bottle in the back row and here's
what it is I'm always swinging at that baseball you know what happens the best
players if you hit 400 you're one of the best players to ever hit baseball that's
only four and ten yeah I think I'm four point five and ten all right that's why
the one-time guests will always be better than me I think why Fedora will
always be better than me sorry I didn't mean to say your name nobody knows what
you're talking about I'm not jealous I'm not jealous I'm not jealous I'm not
jealous I'm not make a little look at this mic stand you keep the people in
the podcast would realize that the mic stand is like one and a half Adams tall
at this point not jealous that they're they're always exciting people in the
audience in the dose of two and a half minutes but every week I give you a
consistently bad seven and a half minutes and quality quality is eclipsed by
quantity every single time Adam describe your apartment in rap or is this
this is more of us this is going to be what do we see when we walk in the front
door of my apartment walls blanket my apartment so there seem to be a few
things but not much and the oh oh if I don't sing certain lines it's going to
be overtaken by that guy I wanted to hear description of your apartment
or it's white walls walk through the front door okay welcome there's a welcome
mat that says welcome I think I'm pretty sure I got on six unit building eight
third floor beautiful view of a kind of victory in Hollywood security code to
get in yeah no it's a gate that doesn't that a certain family keeps breaking so
their kids can get in and out and at this point that I'm done calling the
landlord about it it's just easier it's security through obscurity no one's
going to come up to that specific apartment and be like oh well two levels
three I'm not bragging about it you can call I had you can come over we
invited you in our number three levels have that work well there's a badly
designed there's one that goes down that is so sunken that yeah they have a
window into the other guy's living room if they put another apartment in mine
disappears and it goes down to the next line so when we walk into your apartment
and be honest and I will I will I will I will lower the bar of or raise it as it
were of honesty and say there was a when I lived in Hollywood my one bedroom
apartment when I would walk into and you might be a neat freak but right after
this is 1999 heat vision and Jack has been not picked up by Fox for whom I am
currently working God bless them for their decisions we're getting some we
were getting somewhere this is more than he talks to me ever Jeff you guys
don't fight when you walked into my apartment you would see pizza that like
like you would be knee-high in pizza boxes there was mannequin legs with
pantyhose on them there there's Mountain Dew to be had I was I was wiping my
ass with t-shirts because I wouldn't go buy toilet paper because I didn't want
people at Albertsons to know that heat vision and Jack hadn't been picked up
for series can they tell that just by what like oh he's down to bounty heat
vision and Jack did not get picked up I'm loving this that's an awesome laugh
he's laughing God we miss you big red he's buying store up to the Hollywood
reporters they're trying to see who buys store brand so that's not so so are you
I mean when I because I wouldn't be surprised by anything if I walked into
your apartment what do I see hoarders or do I see like like they can afford to
have things this is like oh when's Adam gonna move in this is a nice space which
is a bad thing to say after 15 months but it's like oh there's some posters that
printer new to ink it's more to the point where everything that's going to be in
there has been there and it's slowly turning yellow like Miss Haversham's
dress it's like a wedding cake for a party no one attended dickens right my
life what yeah great expectations of that reference what's that you mean the
wallpaper or the walls are the walls are it's not a bad place to be it's just
that there hasn't been any attempts to be able to put more things in there it's
all dirty is it gets cleanish it has everything in there cleanish that's
like saying a little bit pregnant it doesn't add any information but my
apartment is cleanish and a little bit pregnant with the hopes that I might be
able to buy furniture that was not left on the road somewhere but of all the
pieces that I've seen I picked the cleanliest ones mostly how many bedrooms
one for me one for the roommate oh who's the room she's a beautiful chef named
Anastasia Davis has she come here I know she works she's the chef at USC her
name is Anastasia Davis yes Jeff in drag and it's just like that explains all
the suits actually and she is really tall it's more that if I were to bring
her here she'd like I don't think he gets to use that word I think he thinks he
can use that word but he can't use that word the n-word yeah oh is she's a
bleph an African-American chef the second f is for female that's why you've never
brought her by because you're racist I can't afford I can't because you thought
I'm racist that is one untrue and two irrelevant in three I'm not arguing on
the first point that's that's we're establishing that bring Anastasia by
Christmas all right well yeah sounds good we only have a couple more episodes
record before we we leave and like you're living a double life with this
woman I by not bringing her to a podcast show her who you are listen to it I put
it on like you have you listened to Harmontown yet I got some really good
rejoinders in there and then you talk shit for 15 minutes but it's fine we're
buddies all right well any any parting thoughts on the election I'm kidding I
know I know I'm gonna I'm gonna self-deport off this stage all right
well remember how big red did it don't fucking Woody Woodpecker him man
Jeff did you know Pinocchio actually collected a lot of birds no I didn't know
that even had a woodpecker that's Adam Goldberg Adam Goldberg everyone he had a
woodpecker all right Adam Goldberg came up he's still on stage he's still
actually okay there you go the audience and I and Jeff and everyone like like
we continue to walk the line with Adam Goldberg I don't know what is that line
do you think I hear a beleaguered sigh from from that direction like well I mean
like we do you we created a monster do you do you love him or do you hate him
are you honest are you rooting for him are we bullies it certainly doesn't go
to hate it certainly also doesn't go to love definitely doesn't go to love it's
I don't know what is it Adam big red I think I I'm ready to love I'm yeah yeah
no yeah they stand up at my wedding yeah but then maybe in four episodes big
reds up here and like Jesus you might find out but things rarely take a turn
big red don't don't hurt us okay good thank you we love you too big he just
seems cuddly and yeah he embraces it he it's it seems like what you see is what
you get with big red yeah big laugh or big big smile or big big big effusive
answers and Adam comes up and people hold their breath yeah he's like a tight
rope walker and I waiting and then they're like like no one not only do you
not know if you're on his side or against him then we start to divide from
each other right because you guys start going Dan stop stop bringing Adam
Goldberg up stop saying his name and then I'm like fuck you guys I am I'm
Adam Goldberg I you are too this is Harmontown we are Adam Goldberg there
should be a statue of him outside our city in some ways as a warning
let's bring Spencer up right now down show you Spencer Spencer don't use the
dragons time but also I was gonna bring the guy that's gonna shoot but but
Spencer can get set up but I do want to check in I think it's important we're
taping tonight you might have noticed a video camera they're being very
inconspicuous and and everything's fine it's no big deal we we have made this
decision the the tour dates are not final but they're like I mean this is a
real thing we're definitely starting January 10th we're proceeding across the
nation around the perimeter and we're doing like a you know a three week tour
of of the nation obviously we're not gonna go everywhere in the nation in three
weeks because as I've said Harmontown is a it's a it's a catastrophic chaotic
like weird thing and every time I try to make something happen it turns to mud
in my hands and every time we kind of like go with the flow we tend to have a
lot of fun now that might be an LA thing and we'll be a hipster thing and like
I'm spaulding gray and I wrote Monster House and so people want to come and
listen to me talk and we've boiled down to 50 of you who seem to come every
week and maybe maybe that's you know I'm well aware of that possibility we're
gonna we're gonna proceed to Tempe and we're gonna have a cold bucket of
reality splashed over us there at our first show there at at Felt's Mound
comics and and and Tempe and you know people are gonna be going whoa I thought
I thought I don't know what a Tempe accent sounds like yes that's pretty good
I thought you were gonna talk about Danny Pooty I don't know what they would
have thought I thought you're gonna have a stand-up act you don't you're a
terrible rapper and you're dumb and you're fat and you stink your butt stinks
the danger is that people are the people that are gonna come see us as we go on
tour are people that have heard the slightly edited version of our podcast
right so they're gonna hold us to a higher standard yep you people get the
real thought you guys were more compressed I thought it was about an hour 18 why
is it two hours and filled with you saying edit this out I don't like it I'm
from Tempe I'm a Tempe stereotype I'm Marvin Tempe I go out my front yard and
I rake it cuz it's gravel and I go to the cactus mines dig up the dig up stones
and cacti next day they're in Austin Texas whoa I was in Dale's Hills I can't
wait to to to see Dan Harmon before I go and have a Calamari and then on the
Gulf of Mexico wait are you related to Marvin Tempe by the chance well he's my
second brother on the third side two weeks later Boston, Massachusetts the
Dan Harmon show is a wicked retarded no I did not understand it's not as good as
the departed I am from New Orleans came up to Boston for Dan Harmon's show you
should not be using me for your exit poll I am not represented I will skew the
dead I will skew the data Albany, New York I just have a cold and he said that
and I was drinking and I just inflated a snot bubble out of my nose which hasn't
happened since sixth grade it has happened I'm not that cool
over here oh oh oh a muffy let's go to the Dan Harmon show
swallow a bug I didn't understand what he was doing tonight I thought he created
community in some of the health more Jack Nicholson Minnesota well seems the
Dan Harmon's act was curious given his misunderstandings that was misdirected
assumptions that people in this city would talk like Jack Nicholson he
ought to take that act on the road to to Connery Alabama can we edit the whole
thing out that fucking stays down all right make it worse Spencer get us up
to speed last time on the Chronicles of Sharpie and quark our heroes had lost
Lord Butzler hearing rumors of his flight in the night what a fright
Sharpie openly lamented the lack of his party's tracking ability just then they
realized an expert tracker had been following them all along conveniently
the Kenine Mulraine was standing nearby and united the party struck out in
search of Sharpie's father they immediately lost the trail and in a
dark moment of desperation Sharpie managed to tap into forbidden blood
magic casting a spell in the hopes of divining the location of his father
compulsively following the evil spells pole our heroes came upon what appeared
to be a gnoll encampment they hid in the bushes deciding how to proceed unpause
so we've come upon a Noel camp and now I have to look there's no actors playing
my father yeah yeah we were gonna have an act don't worry about it I got this
cover you guys the fruits of my of my desperate efforts to plan things all
right so we are we're here at a at a camp a Noel camp well thanks for our thank
you are these good no's are bad no Spencer do we know you do not know see
well we helped kill some bad no's correct you did kill some no's yes yes
and so that we are these the black skull cap no's of the white bones no's you
were outside an encampment of no's of undetermined tribe you're a good
distance off you can see several dwellings made of interlocking bones of
massive proportions perhaps from the skeletons of dragons or perhaps a
titanic frog from the center of the circular park of huts rises smoke and
you can smell the scent of burning meat from even here oh sharpie I'm hungry so
meat I care not for danger let's drive headlong towards the smell of burning
frog I mean this is a whole camp and and and you know I'm so drunk we killed a
bunch we killed a bunch of bad no's he's got to be good no let's just go in there
you're maybe there insignia is different I don't know I I how close of we can we
get without being seen Spencer I'd say you're about as close as you could get
without being seen okay I examine their exact examine their compound what do I
see you see several bone huts stretched together by animal hides you don't
manage to see any people but you do see smoke rising from the encampment I have
the power to talk to small animals doing that correct I summon a squirrel whoa
whoa Jesus yeah I I was a quantum leap forward in your D&D confidence I I
talked to Spencer earlier about my six weeks prior like like for the fuck's
going on I found a squirrel we were at the pikey earlier and Spencer told me
that that that gnomes have the ability to talk to animals I'm gonna send a
fucking squirrel okay here's are there any squirrels or small rodents about that
I can I can convene with casting speak with animals on yourself you manage to
call over a small squirrel hey squirrel
listen man you don't know me from Adam do me a solid go and sneak in that camp
and tell me what the name of their Noel tribe is it's like what name what
name like of the tribe find out are they the gnomes the evil knows that we
killed are they the good Noel tribe that might be on our side what can I do
you have any nuts well I do I see the insignia like that there's a white
skull insignia and then there's a black paw or something like that right yeah
like tell the squirrel look for yeah look look for the insignia of the of the
Noel tribe and listen squirrel there's plenty here's two nuts on the front end
there'll be six more when you come back to do come to come yeah you know yeah
yeah oh oh they'll be nuts you're gonna be you're gonna be up to your tits and
nuts ecstatic the squirrels rushes off into the village all right well we got
some time when we yeah here I just recon yeah you hear rustling in the brush
behind you uh-oh before you can react you hear a low grating snarl move and
you're dead just kidding but keep your voices and weapons down it's a lot to
react to passive-aggressive burglar we've been we've been ambushed a verbal
roller coaster I I put one hand up and the other hand down you do that I I
slowly turn you slowly turn before you you see a yellow knoll with matted fur
coated in grime bits of grass and dried blood he wears brown leather armor and
carries a wavy bladed dagger he smells awful and wears a necklace made of bones
ears and fingers I mean you know harm he says brandishing a dagger
dagger dangerously close to your face wait this gets complicated
mean it's a little less harm he does bits yeah yeah yeah what's his insignia I
just want to make sure I get the crypts in the blood so he has a small black
paw print on his chest those are the good guys those are the good guys yeah
why don't I talk to that squirrel I might have sent him to a certain death don't
worry about him what are you guys doing outside this encampment I don't want to
jinx myself but why don't you mean us any harm because I've been following you
I thought you might be able to you know track Lord Buttsalot and I'd be able to
reunite with him you see my name is Yerch and as of the butts alignment with
the blackpaw knolls I was sent over to keep an eye on Lord Buttsalot but he'd
managed to elude my grasp in the night in a fright so you've been our you've
been our protector but you lost track of us I've been watching you you know take
this several-day trip and I've been hoping you'd find your father you could
have thrown a helping hand a couple times we almost so we almost got our
asses kicked back there I'm I'm you seemed fine
all right Yerch do you Yerch your is my dad in this camp are we in danger can
I don't know your guess is as good as mine I thought you knew where you were
going you see you're a blackpaw right that's definitely true but they left us
out of some of these negotiations and when he left with those warriors in the
night we had no clue where he was going I I take my sword out and put it towards
the back of our new friend or possibly foe and I say well let's walk you in
first and let's find out if this is a friendly camp or not Jesus yeah no I'm
you saying you know this guy this guy had a knife dangerously close to your
face saying he was your friend I have a nice dangerly close to his spinal cord
saying walk us in there and say how do you do he he's he moles over your offer
and he says that seems like a good plan I could tell you right now that this is
a white skull camp you can see by all those bones we bad guys yeah those are
the those are our enemies we've been okay okay let's stop let's stop where's my
dad with a squirrel well squirrel returns screw the squirrel returns Jesus
right yeah all right everybody's fucking calm down
squirrel what did you see I saw a bunch of white skulls yeah we found that out
all right you useless fucking dick there's more that was just the first
sentence here's it here's a nut continue it appears that the village is on fire
and several slain nulls lie in the streets there's a there's a battle of
foot well any enemy of our enemy is our friend or correct a squirrel of our
white pod null is a black pod null let's go yes you know the squirrel say that
while you're watching the squirrel the note the yurch who was previously under
your blade manages to squirrel himself away and rushes towards the village he
says don't waste any time and mind those traps and he dashes away towards the
village right behind you yurch traps minded do I need to cast any light to
make sure I don't step in a trap or something you don't have any oh I guess
you probably could cast some light but I mean you guys aren't too well versed in
traps to be honest I have a spell for detecting traps hold on I could send a
bunch of squirrels and I summon a murder of squirrels two and a half squirrels
show up that's metric I have a squirrel you see I keep forgetting they always
kill a squirrel when I do that I send squirrels forward in an advanced guard
to detect any traps you send the squirrels forward they run into a small
wire that you hadn't previously seen a large bag flies and hits the squirrel in
the face he's covered in a white powder he stumbles blindly into a bush so we're
good to go well we should make sure he's okay he basically like a hero until we
know he's dead we should probably check in with him yeah I examine the squirrels
condition it appears to be covered in a white powdery substance of unknown
origin I snort the powder it was just flour what he hit my sack of flour he's
days but we've tripped the one is we tripped the trap we're good to go well
what what cool who leaves a trap that's a sack of flour yeah they're heavy they
can kill a squirrel or at least days they didn't even kill a squirrel huh I'm
telling all right like we use your magic can't you can't just send a hawk over
there so we follow Eurek you follow your years towards the following Robert
Eurek as you're running towards the village you feel the ground under you
give way shit you fall in a pit no you fall about 30 feet into a deep dank dark
pit you both take for falling damage that's not as none I have the power to
heal light wounds don't I I don't think so don't I pretty sure I do I was I have
a spell that says negate normal pits circle of protection pits that wasn't
fine don't mind me what about is it too late to use uncanny dodge whatever the
fuck that is unfortunately uncanny dodge does not affect pits alternative rock
band from the 90s they were great and by 90s you mean the 90s like I think it's
009 oh yeah right because it's D&D time in the darkness you can barely make out
your friends motherfucker as your eyes adjust you can see a lightly colored
ring on the floor on the opposite sides of the pit it looks like rope next to
you is a skeleton it appears to have a small patch pouch wedged in its rib cage
the skeleton is a pouch wedged in his rib cage someone has wedged a pouch into
the skeletons rib cage is your copper pot 20% not me goonies goonies oh shit
yeah okay so there's a ring that looks like rope yeah that's what I heard too
you're in the dark so that sounds like a trap right yeah that sounds like a
skeleton guy yeah there are any squirrels in this pit there are no
squirrels in this pit damn it he's got a pouch let's check out the pouch do you
grab the pouch well I look at the pot you look at the pouch it's dark it appears
to be brown is it a turd if you don't know that it's not I smell it it doesn't
smell like a turd it could be old though just a sharpie stop smelling the pouch
and pick it up I pluck the pouch from the skeletons it appears to be full of
some sort of dust or powder it's like what does it look like I snort the looks
like a pattern you snort the powder yes oh can't take you anywhere you take one
damage you feel your insides being rung out a little bit oops don't snort that
it's not good who was gonna snort it no one no one in this realm snorts things
by default I'm a barbarian I'm I'm I'm I you feel very thirsty it's you got any
water you do that give him some water he appreciates the beverage
it's Macaulay Culkin and Monster now so all right so you said there was a ring
that looked like a rope yeah it's really dark you guys can barely see and see
there's a light colored ring on the floor well I have some kind of like
spelled on it probably I think you have light you might have a torch in your
inventory I want to do something fancy do something fancy what's my magic you
have burning hands it's pretty flashy now no he does have dancing lights okay I
cast dancing lights you make several dancing lights hover and float in the
air you see it is very clearly a rope but there seems to be a shimmering
border in a cubicle fashion around it just don't get it big red big red
and it's like a it's like a obviously there's a skeleton down here yeah the
rope he tried to do that he did he grabbed he did the obvious thing he
grabbed the rope now he's a skeleton as a result why he has a pouch in his rib
cage do we need it do we need that pouch we need that pouch right I don't know
you need it probably yeah it's terrible all right well anybody well yeah but it
might have poisoned them in any minute everybody throw the powder around it to
see if like the to see if like the this guy thinks the cube is a force field
around the rope all right we got a guy in the front row that thinks the cube is
a force field around the rope what is the powder that I take the
pouch and I sprinkle the powder on the cubicle or the cube around the thing it
gives a violent shutter in a terrible shriek it appears to be a gelatinous
cube an ooze formed into a cube with the sole purpose of engulfing anyone that
falls near it it lurches forward well it's been a long time since I've said it
but ray of frost thought that was cooler than it was exactly as cool as they
responded you let it lunges towards you but you step aside and cast a quick ray
of frost into its left cubicle side wait we're being we're being attacked by a
big jello right now yeah well don't turn around and talk to it we should bone
out yeah we should bone out the frost hits it in the side and does too
damage to the cube whatever it doesn't seem very I will be more powerful at
higher levels flaming sword pulling your flaming sword from its sheath you
strike at the cube you strike the cube a flaming gas appears in its hide and it
quickly seals itself over with its oozing bulk ship it takes us some damage
hold up here I oh it takes five damage I have a potion of enlarge person and
it's not what you think or is it this is this was not given to me but through
email I toss it to quark drink it drink this potion of enlarge person snorted I
snort the potion you snort the potion and immediately grow to giant heights you
almost squeeze everyone else you are so large in the pit you quite you know you
feel like you could climb out but you aren't as tall as the pit you're still
inside now you're giant can I step on the gel the big jello you can attempt to
step on I use my giant enlarge foot and squash the big jello you critically
squash the big jello it's like it's like prices right it flies into pieces the
rope is all yours we climb the rope we use the rope to climb out I guess right
you exit the pit right yeah by the sound of that audience applause I detect a
time to stop playing Dungeons & Dragons I feel like they have decided that it's
time to stop I will say this that was a close call yes but I have the feeling
that inside that camp in campmen with the nose we're gonna meet your father
either next week or maybe a week after that depending whether or if we push it
long enough we got it we got until 2013 before we go to our Harmontown tour
we're gonna meet Lord butz a lot yeah we'll go find him we'll go yeah yeah
bring Tim Curry back and yes we we're gonna I'm gonna say we promise you Tim
Curry next Monday no kidding I really want Tim Curry or Julian sands is there
two people that you hang out with that I don't hang out with them I've met them
if you hang out with them more than I do I want my fantasy is to have one of them
come on and read Yelp reviews I want Tim Curry to read Yelp reviews Outback
Steakhouse when we arrived on Tuesday we thought it was would be an ordinary
steak we did not know how poorly we'd be treated the service was a party
be great because I think a lot of people that write those Yelp reviews are
picturing themselves as Tim Curry kind of like empowered and British thank you
Spencer everybody
yeah Dan well it's 947 I mean what unless you want from us I don't know we
can wrap this thing up you want to bring a Jesus up oh yeah let's you Jesus come
on up you sat in the front row anyway you got a satchel
Jesus what's your last name again Jesus said how do we lose all the
microphones hi so alright so how feasible is it like those of you you
we've learned in recent episodes you work for a private aeronautics company
yeah they launched off in space yeah and people are gonna be buying tickets and
going up into space mm-hmm like is there any way to like achieve some kind of
coup or I mean well you're not allowed to tell me well like Elon the main guy
super genius rich guy who runs the whole thing he he just did this whole story
was like yeah we're gonna colonize Mars which is farther than the moon yeah it
seems unnecessary and he's like yeah you know get 80,000 people and they'll pay
like 500,000 each it's reasonable and he's don't they have to use the moon as
a stepping stone or no they're gonna straight tomorrow they don't have to
but I think they should I think they should call it I mean why not yeah it's
right there you know so put a gift shop there yeah but double your money casino
a boat really so mark what okay what is it what marks Mars is a planet and the
moon is a moon yeah what did we find there what what do you think curiosity
found we forget about yet do we know um or like some sort of organic matter I'm
pretty sure I'm not a hundred percent you know I don't but I think so yeah like
organic matter some sort of like worm thing probably warm thing probably some
yeah some evidence that something existed there it's some tremors some black
goo couple tremors maybe a couple tremors like three yeah so Mars has an
atmosphere it's just not as we can actually terraform it yeah terraform it
and do all this stuff to it take the terraform Mars you know just a few I
have no idea 20 20 20 minutes 20 minutes on high right yeah yeah I only
scanned the article I didn't really like oh there's gonna be tanks of stuff well
look it's 948 or about this clock is I think it's fast I think probably Mars
wrap right Mars wrap yeah yeah or do you want it you want to sum up the night
what are you feeling yeah I just I felt like I wanted to ask hey see something
else like because it seems like maybe we shouldn't be colonizing the moon then
it sounds like the powers that be like they know something we don't it's easier
to move to Mars at this point you know what I saw on reddit today they they're
there well I mean this won't come to fruition for a while but they're they
figured out faster than light travel let it figure it out but they're there
they close there's something exciting happened there's there's a there's a
possible future where they're there they can't kind of have figured it out where
you can create an engine that kind of warps space behind you and then warps
space in front of you and light is only capable of traveling at the speed of
light which you know something's five light years away it takes five years to
get there at the speed of light but you can warp space instantly it doesn't you
can warp it faster than the speed of light so like you kind of like there's
these you know conceptual spaceships where you can like create an engine that makes
the spaceship like warp one way and in front of the spaceship work another way
effectively like just making this thing just shoot like across space faster than
the speed of light you could get to Alpha Centurion two weeks anyways just a
heads up on that one because then you could get to the moon and what I thought
I thought I read that it wasn't true really yeah it's like the day that the
data like the test data was but that was like maybe an earlier attempt I'm not
sure they also one more thing they just like I saw another thing on Reddit
with Cambridge or something they like launched an official study going like
okay for real we have to actually start thinking about whether or not robots are
gonna murder all of us I don't think they will because it's such a like weird
command like how would they come up with that well also they'd have to have this
kind of but but one guy said something at the end of the article that kind of
stuck with me that that I kind of it's like okay that's the real threat it's
like guys like it's not a question of whether or not robots I love that
scientists are forced to talk about this now it's not a question of whether or
not robots will ever have any malicious intent because that's a human thing the
whole point of making robots is like we hate ourselves and we don't want to be
malicious but the big question is whether or not at some point a higher
intelligence will will will find us useless you know we'll not you know
it's it will have a plan that doesn't involve us like what I think is just
will end up uploading our consciousness onto the internet or something and then
we'll just go along with technology like maybe I mean I don't know Jesus
Jesus I mean really putting your eggs in a small basket I mean maybe we'll be
running around like shooting at them with paintball guns I don't know all
right so we got robots to worry about that's that's a thing we shouldn't take
to Mars with us we may need to rethink the moon colonization maybe maybe go to
Mars and I kind of feel like if everyone's gonna go to Mars but we're
already in the moon we'll be like the gas station on the way there like you know
like yeah we'll be like we'll be like some outpost on Route 66 yeah we'll be
some quaint little you know a little like little little truck stop on the way
to Mars and we'll get milkshakes there there will be a shoneys big red will be
there but you can't terraform the moon I mean you're just gonna you're just
talking about a big like bubble you can it's actually but they're making this
other guys like making a machine that can just print buildings and they're
saying it'll be a lot easier when you're in space to just use the material of the
actual land and like melt it into iron as opposed to bringing a bunch of like
steel and shit to the planets meaning what that we could just make like a big
Logan's city on the moon and it won't matter like we won't have to terraform the
moon we could just have like a yeah you can have like a metal base on top of it
and then just like you know basically poop out like houses yeah poop out houses
see I would like that because that speaks to like if you're gonna do that you
would have streets that are just lined up if we're gonna poop out houses we
should bring Daniel Gillies he's the he's the pooper I look forward to an age
when you go hey where are you I'm gonna where are you hanging out I'm at a 25 oh
well I'm at b3 so I know exactly where I'm gonna go to meet you it would be like
x25 z something and then maybe probably like three-dimensional so you'd
also yeah if you need a y value like you're playing Minecraft like like how
high are you but can I ask a question what you built in Minecraft oh what
wait what what to be built in Minecraft like something you're proud of I do I do
a lot of skyscrapers I keep doing it we keep we keep starting over every time
they come up with an update we keep making new cuz like oh now you can have
carrots but you now you have to restart the server so I every time I just and it
takes days I keep making skyscrapers I just make and I have to make them out
of cooked stone I can't make them out of cobblestone which means that I could go
on about this I as it's a it's a it's a compulsion for me I make these like big
gray towers like a like an evil person
all right I give you two choices you can take you can see yes well that's
about all the time we got but I think you know what time it is
it's it's about time for the time to be up yo yo yo yo yo yo check it down yeah
fuck your mama and your daddy and I fucked them both twice I fucked your
mama like a rat in two mice I fucked your mama and the haver and my home I
got a shoe and a hat made of foam I fucked your mama I use this
hold on sorry sorry this song doesn't I'm not I'm not I don't a bad
craftsman blames the tools but yeah we're gonna close with a wrap yeah these
are the best beats in the world we might not be able to do it it's not like I
I I can hear people sighing so tired I just feel their pain
yeah okay okay I can tell I can tell a good closer when I hear yo 65,000 bodies
I'm making up a tragedy that you don't know about when's that cry I'm gonna be
accounted to Utah you know what you did
65,000 never forget 1922 Utah you know what happened coal mines 65,000
don't forget bitch yo there might never be a beat there's no there's no beating
Utah oh shit yo yo yeah Utah yo yo yo 65,000 people died in Utah in the coal
mines underneath all y'all you are all shopping buying your diamonds and pearls
all these motherfucking people died like little curls of humanity mining your
salt from Utah you should be ashamed of yourself it's not gonna work there's no
way I can't the combination of the concept that I'm going for and then the
changing beats and then I reach and may reach exceeded my grasp what I what I
can do is I can I can I can rap about people I can rap about how much I fuck
your mom like to a standard beat just barely that thing is pretty good
you and I it's 958 just bear with me it will edit all this out thank you for
coming yeah yeah yeah yeah get loose yeah sugar titties motherfuckers go in
on top I fucked your mama like she was a soda popper popped her head off her
neck and I put my dick inside I put it in so deep and I split it open wide I
fucked your mama on the beach fucked your mama in the snow fucked your mama
and your daddy and I taught him how to blow my penis because he was in prison
with me I fucked your daddy and I didn't fuck damn it oh yeah you had it you
had it hold on one second you had it so close with me nothing rhymes with with
it right I meant with the open vowel sound me Chimney Chimney all right well
can we do a retake all right if with me comes up against all right edit that
out here we go thank you for coming yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo I fucked your
mama in the street and I fucked her in the city you know what's next I'm
probably gonna say titty fuck your mama in her womb fucked your mama in her
foot fucked her mama in the chimney so my dick had all this so over the chip
got it all up on my balls fucked your mama in Canada
thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody one more time for Dan Harmon your mayor I'm Jeff Davis thank you Katie Levine, Zac McKeever, Kyle whatever your last name is Emily Gordon, Daniel Kramer, Justin Marsh, a mofave of Abgeny Fine, Cheruz Juckett, Spencer, Big Red,
hey Zeus one more time Dan Harmon everybody I fucked your mama and your uncle and I
fucked your sister too I fucked your mama and your brother and I made her
blister flu fuck your daddy tell you traveled back in time I fucked your
uncle and your little squeeze alive I fucked your mama I fucked your daddy I fucked your mama I fucked your daddy I fucked sugar titty
Oh, fuck joe. Chicken goes, buck, buck, cow goes, move.
B-ck your mama in the city, took her in to the zoo.
Showed her all of the cages.
Showed her where she came from.
Fuck your mama till the Eiffel Tower.
B-ck you're in Rome.
B-ck your mama all up and down the street.
You can't leave, by the way.
B-ck your mama, no you can't.
You can't leave.
B-ck your mama.
I can't make it clear enough, I fucked your mama
until she didn't have enough, I fucked your mama.
I fucked your heart, I fucked your mama.
I fucked her in the prison yard.
Walking dead, season three, walking dead.
Wait, okay, wait, you got 40 seconds left.
I fucked your mama, it was brutal.
It wasn't rhyming.
It was uncomfortable.
She was crying.
It was real.
It wasn't consensual.
She was calling out your name.
She was, like, devastated.
It ruined her life, and it ruined the life
of everyone in your family.
And I got away with it.
Fuck you, Utah.
Thank you, Nerdmelt.
Try to have a safe drive home.